docker-ps: add page (#4306)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/docker-ps.md

# docker-ps

> List Docker containers.
> More information: <https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/ps/>.

- List currently running docker containers:

`docker ps`

- List all docker containers (running and stopped):

`docker ps --all`

- Show the latest created container (includes all states):

`docker ps --latest`

> - Filter containers which contains a substring in their name:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better? 
```suggestion
- Filter containers that contain a substring in their name:
```

`docker ps --filter="name={{name}}"`

> - Filter containers which share a given image as an ancestor:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better? 
```suggestion
- Filter containers that share a given image as an ancestor:
```
